"Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. "
"Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck."
"Error is discipline through which we advance. "
"The hardest thing in the world is to simplify your life. It’s so easy to make it complex."
"A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. "
"Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have."
"To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest."
"An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come. "
"Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us."
"It is a mistake to regard age as a downhill grade toward dissolution. The reverse is true. As one grows older one climbs with surprising strides. "
"Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. "
"The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose."
"You may say Im a dreamer, but Im not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one. "
"Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours."
"Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous. "
"What is not started today is never finished tomorrow."
"Correction does much, but encouragement does more. "
"See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort."
"I believe that every person is born with talent. "
"We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. "
"Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life."
"Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are."
"Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness. "
"Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. "
"With realization of ones own potential and self-confidence in ones ability, one can build a better world. "
"I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today. "
"The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind."
"The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. "
"I would rather be attacked than unnoticed. For the worst thing you can do to an author is to be silent as to his works. An assault upon a town is a bad thing; but starving it is still worse. "
"I think there is something, more important than believing: action! The world is full of dreamers, there aren't enough who will move ahead and begin to take concrete steps to actualize their vision."
"Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow."
"Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. "
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye. "
"If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through."
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. "
"How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. "
"All know the way; few actually walk it. "
"Silence is a source of great strength. "
"Everything is perfect in the universe — even your desire to improve it. "
"Great talent finds happiness in execution. "
"Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it. "
"Reality does not conform to the ideal, but confirms it. "
"If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine."
"He who obtains has little. He who scatters has much. "
"The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication. "
"There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance. "
"I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything hes got."
"The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning. "
"Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests. "
"He who talks more is sooner exhausted. "
"Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled. "
"There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it. "
"You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment unless you trust enough. "
"The path to success is to take massive, determined action. "
"I will prepare and some day my chance will come. "
"At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. "
"Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you."
"Fear not for the future, weep not for the past. "
"Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. "
"There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws. There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance. "
"Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. "
"Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. "
"Patience is a virtue but you will never ever accomplish anything if you don't exercise action over patience."
"All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today."
"When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument. Everything is debatable. But when you stand for something, decisions are obvious."
"Be the change that you want to see in the world. "
"We are what we do... Not what we did. Now if we continue doing what we used to do, we can't be upset that we are still what we were, simply because were still doing what we did!"
"Learning is finding out what you already know. "
"If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience."
"People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do. "
"Fears are nothing more than a state of mind. "
"Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless. "
"Difficulties are things that show a person what they are. "
"You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. "
"Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness. "
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
"First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. "
"If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking."
"Deeds of kindness are equal in weight to all the commandments. "
"God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. "
"Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing. "
"Trusting our intuition often saves us from disaster. "
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. "
"All the flowers of all the tomorrows are in the seeds of today."
"When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace. "
"The truth is always exciting. Speak it, then. Life is dull without it. "
"He who talks more is sooner exhausted. "
"Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed. "
"Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime, and too sleepy to worry at night. "
"I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. "
"He who knows himself is enlightened. "
